

## Wireframe 




















































User research and interviews
You should have also developed a simple user research protocol that describes what you hope to find during your user interviews, including your research questions and the script.  Once your interviews are complete, you should have documented findings that detail what you've learned by showing your early wireframes / storyboards to at least three different individuals.  
Your user research protocol should clearly identify the following: 
a. the target audience you hope to reach with your story; 
b. your approach to identifying representative individuals to interview; 
c. your interview script; 
d. the findings from your interviews; and 
e. changes you plan on implementing to your visualizations next week to address the issues identified. 
When talking about your findings, specific insights and observations, key quotes and other insights are better than broad, sweeping generalizations.  Look across your interviews and note where you have consistent feedback vs. any observations that might be conflicting.  Talk about how you plan on using this feedback to improve your project as you head into Part III. 




1.	What did you like about the presentation?
2.	Were the key points of the presentation clear and well-organized?
3.	Was the presentation engaging and did it hold your attention?
4.	Were the visuals used effectively to support the key points?
5.	Was the length of the presentation appropriate?
6.	Did the presenter address any questions or concerns you had about the topic?
7.	Was the overall message of the presentation clear and compelling?
8.	Was there anything that could have been improved in the presentation?

First Interviewee 

1. What did you like about the presentation?

The presentation was informative and had a nice information flow starting from the problem statement, definition of terms, and concluding with recommendations. I particularly liked the artistic choice of pictures and supporting graphs which I believe greatly complimented the idea.

I also think that there was sufficient references to support the points presented.

2. Were the key points of the presentation clear and well-organized?

Yes. 

3. Was the presentation engaging and did it hold your attention?

Very much.

4. Were the visuals used effectively to support the key points?

The visuals were very eye catching and supported the key points.

5. Was the length of the presentation appropriate?

Yes.

6. Did the presenter address any questions or concerns you had about the topic?

Yes. Which was regarding the psychological aspects of social media. 

7. Was the overall message of the presentation clear and compelling?

Yes.

8. Was there anything that could have been improved in the presentation?

Add more statistics/numbers.




